And whether this will work or not is the most important thing in this war.
The operation is still going on, and there is a relationship between the two sides,
so please come to the NPP freely.
There is no room for that, but I think that such a time will come soon.
On the worthy aside, in the first battle we, the soldiers,
are doing a bunch of screamed Basismi proteins for the NPP members.
I'm sure that enough what has益 already been said to you,
but behind these W translate Quickly Basismi proteins,
we are organising the glorious & privileged throwing-off.
So, this is how I see shit,
how Japanese often engage in agonization during politics.
But they strongly deny this
and express their value as the rapidly trackback now popular
and great countrydrum.
This training, since when the war began,
is the process of profit for its citizens,
very well,
The reason why we have been thinking about the best in the whole of the US is that
we have been thinking about the future of the operation since the beginning of the war.
What will the US do?
The Yamato people are great.
This is a great achievement.
We are prepared to see the development of this war to be endless.
But there are people who want to attack Japan by sending the US to India,
the UK to the United States or New Zealand.